OCG, Project Plan edits, etc. (#14)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/proposal/2_2_ocg_constraints.tex

limiting and thus will affect design decisions. The budget is a significant
constraint which will affect the components and parts the student team chooses.

The physical properties of the payload (FPGA, electronics, camera, and  DTX) is an important constraint. Since the purpose of the project

> is to validate the viability, the payload should be light and compact such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to validate the viability of mobile ML designs, the payload should be light and compact such
```

> that it can be carried on a drone for a reasonable flight time to carry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that it can be carried on a drone for a reasonable flight time in order to carry out ML applications.
```

> out applications. The weight of the payload affects total flight duration, maximum altitude, airspeed, and manueverbility. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weight of the payload affects total flight duration, maximum altitude, airspeed, and maneuverability. 
```

There is a maximum cutoff for weight such that adding more battery capacity would actually negatively affect flight duration.

> The power consumption of the onboard electronics also affects drone's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The power consumption of the onboard electronics also affects drone performance.
```

> The computation tasks done on the FPGA are relatively intense and is a significant pressure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The computation tasks done on the FPGA are relatively intense, drawing significant energy from the drone's battery. 
```

> to the drone battery. The power emission is also a constraint, excess heat from the processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The power emission is also a constraint, excess heat from the processing
```

> hardware need to be dissipated; however this constraint is not too severe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hardware need to be dissipated; however this constraint is not expected to be overly limiting.
```
